---
layout: team
permalink: /about/3796B/

background: static
color: white

title: Some Assembly Required
subtitle: 3796B

hero:
    image: https://unsplash.it/300/300

links:
    - text: "Some Assembly Required"
      active: false
      go: "#about"
      href: "#about"
---

# About
Some Assembly Required was created at JL Mann in 2015. However, several member of the team have been working together for much longer, having competed in FLL together. They got a late start in the 2015-2016 season, not even starting until October, but they managed to pull through, helping Mann Robotics host a tournament that February. In that tournament, they proved our own, qualifying not only for the state level competition, but also for a national level competition in Nevada that they were unfortunately unable to attend.

With just three weeks between our first competition and state, the team was suddenly, and unexpectedly faced with a serious challenge. Their robot began to show signs of of severe technical issues. Increasing their meeting schedule from one or two to five meetings a week, and burning the midnight oil outside of meetings, they managed to get our robot into mostly working order, and performed adequately at state.

In StarStruck, they started out on the right foot, and had a strong design early on. They built a simple, but effective design. They had many successes at the competitions they went to, including a 5-1 win streak at State, even participating in Semifinals at our State Competition.

Now, In the Zone presents many challenges, but they are ready to face them. Stay tuned for their debut in November or December