+++
date = "2017-01-10T15:21:53-05:00"
title = "Mann Made (3796A)"
team = "Mann Made"
number  = "3796A"
order = 0
img = "/img/teams/3796A.jpg"
mentor = 0
members = [
  "Kenzie A. (Captain)",
  "Ben G.",
  "Aiden O.",
  "Chase D.",
  "Connor I.",
  "Garrett K.",
  "Sharan R.",
  "Erick S.",
  "Ian W."
]

  [stats]
    members = 8
    years   = 3
    states  = 0
    awards  = 0




+++

Mann Made has been sending robots to the competition since 2014 during the Skyrise season. They started out as the sole pioneer team for our club without much experience. During their first season, we designed a Skyrise robot that focused on bringing cubes back to their alliance station. They went to only one tournament that year and didn’t earn any awards. While the robot wasn’t as neat as that of other teams, it was a good starting point for us and gave us a lot of valuable experience.

The next year, their team started again with an influx of new members. The game for that season was Nothing But Net. They designed a robot that could collect balls off of the ground and shoot them from anywhere on the field using a flywheel. Fortunately, their Nothing But Net robot was very successful − it worked and was a valuable asset for potential alliance partners.

This year we are participating again in VRC Starstruck. With some members graduating and others coming in, we’ve experienced some turnover. However, we have a strong team with members that possess a broad spectrum of skills. Our robot this year features a catapult-style design and will shoot stars and cubes over the fence. They will be participating in tournaments in early February.
